GIC Guide (SDS Visa Canada)
If you're a Pakistani student planning to study in Canada, you'll need to get a Guaranteed Investment Certificate (GIC) before you can apply for a student visa (SDS). Here's how you can get it:
Canada Side (CIBC)
1) Go to the CIBC website and click on the "Apply" button for the International Student GIC: https://www.cibc.com/.../international-student-gic.html
2) You can send a minimum of 10k for the GIC, but it’s recommended to submit a few bucks extra, ideally 10200 Cad is perfect. Select your country and choose the CAD option, as it's cheaper. At the time of this post, for illustration put the amount 10000 Cad, and select USD in the payment option, it will give you a receipt of 7584.95 USD, convert it into pkr and note it down somewhere, now repeat the steps again but select the CAD as option for payment, it will charge you an additional 150 Cad program and give you a total challan of 10150 Cad, Convert it into pkr and you will easily compare the cad selection is making you pay less in pkr.  
3) Then fill in student information in the next step (2 out of 3), After filling in your personal details and university details, make sure to fill in the referral details as it will get you an extra bonus of $25 CAD. From the drop-down select friends and family, details: friends, select yes for the Are you applying through a referral program option. Then provide the email of your friend who wants to refer you. You can also provide mine, email: (vivipabani@gmail.com).  You can find more about the referral program details here: https://www.cibc.com/.../special.../isbo-refer-a-friend.html
4) Save every page of your application as a PDF on your computer before clicking "Next".
5) After submitting your application, you'll receive CIBC login details and instructions for the transaction within 1-2 days.
From Pakistan Side
The best bank to get the GIC from Pakistan is Meezan Bank, as they both have extensive experience in this area. I recommend Meezan Bank as it has lower transaction charges.
Take a copy of your passport, ID card, admission letter, CIBC instructions sheet, and salary slips/Proof of funds just in case they ask you in the current economic crisis to Meezan Bank. Tell them that you need to get a GIC for a Canadian student visa.
Use the printed PDF as a reference while creating your account and enter the same data in your account, such as your name, address format, and spelling, to avoid any discrepancies during the transaction.
After you receive your chequebook, the bank will take copies of all your documents and ask you to fill in additional forms for the transaction and its purpose. Fill them in carefully as they are specific to Pakistani banks.
If the bank doesn't have experience in GIC, make sure they understand the instructions and follow them completely. Common mistakes include filling in the Beneficiary address in field F59 of the Foreign Telegraphic Transaction form with a Pakistani address, which should be the same as the remitter's address (also mentioned in the instructions). Field F70 should contain the details according to the instructions first (for CIBC, the details are "ISBO 2022 GIC-xxxxxxxx") and any extra details can be added after that.
After the bank gets approval from its head office, they will send the money to CIBC.
After receiving confirmation from Meezan Bank that they have sent the money, Take a swift copy of your transaction, and wait for 1-5 days for the confirmation email from CIBC. Then, log in to your CIBC account and download the investment advice letter and welcome letter under the transaction details. Attach these two documents to your visa application.

If you need any further help, feel free to comment here.
